.\"Modified from man(1) of FreeBSD, the NetBSD mdoc.template, and mdoc.samples.
.\"See Also:
.\"man mdoc.samples for a complete listing of options
.\"man mdoc for the short list of editing options
.\"/usr/share/misc/mdoc.template
.Dd 2/17/19               \" DATE
.Dt wii-tooth      \" Program name and manual section number
.Sh NAME                 \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm wii-tooth
.\" The following lines are read in generating the apropos(man -k) database. Use only key
.\" words here as the database is built based on the words here and in the .ND line.
.\" Use .Nm macro to designate other names for the documented program.
.Nd Wii Remote Configurator/Daemon/Key mapper
.Sh SYNOPSIS             \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
.Op Fl dhv              \" [-abcd]
.Op Fl Fl disable         \" [-a path]
.Sh DESCRIPTION          \" Section Header - required - don't modify
.Nm
is a Wii Remote configuration implementation that works with wminput to automatically connect to your Wiimote and map it and any connected Nunchuck to your keyboard and mouse.


Options:
.Bl -tag -width -indent  \" Differs from above in tag removed
.It Fl d                 \"-a flag as a list item
Run as a daemon, this is the only way to launch the driver through wii-tooth
.It Fl h
Print the help text and exit
.It Fl v
Print version and exit
.It Fl Fl disable [time]
Passing this will disable the driver for the designated number of 
.Ar seconds,
or until you re-log in. Passing an empty value will kill wii-tooth until you re-log in or re-run wii-tooth -d  
.El                      \" Ends the list
.Pp
.\" .Sh ENVIRONMENT      \" May not be needed
.\" .Bl -tag -width "ENV_VAR_1" -indent \" ENV_VAR_1 is width of the string ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_1
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_1
.\" .It Ev ENV_VAR_2
.\" Description of ENV_VAR_2
.\" .El
.Sh FILES                \" File used or created by the topic of the man page
.Bl -tag -width "/Users/joeuser/Library/really_long_file_name" -compact
.It Pa /bin/wii-tooth
Main control script 
.It Pa /etc/wii-tooth/wiimote-driver.sh
Driver script
.It Pa /etc/wii-tooth/check.sh
Scanner Script. Detects your wiimote.
.It Pa /etc/cwiid/wminput/wii-tooth-default.conf
This is the config file for the keymapping. Edit this if you want something different.
.El                      \" Ends the list

.Sh BUGS              \" Document known, unremedied bugs
Report any bugs to https://github.com/drauger-os-development/wii-tooth/issues
.Pp

.\" .Sh HISTORY           \" Document history if command behaves in a unique manner
